in this video I'm going to walk you
through a free easy way to visualize
your Google ads performance week over
week so you can catch any Trends and
stay in the know on how your account is
performing so what you're going to do is
you're going to come here into Google
ads and go into the report editor and
you're going to create a report from
scratch and you'll see what I see here
and what we're going to do is we're
going to set up this report I recommend
that you look at the last 30 days and
what we want to do is we want to search
up week we're going to add week here as
a row so we can see the week over week
really easily and now you just need to
add the metrics that you want to
visualize week over week so I like to
see visibility cost and volume in that
order so I'm going to search for
Impressions I'm going to search for
clicks click through
rate
CPC
cost and then now what I want to do is
instead of just doing conversions
overall I want to see my specific
convers versions that I care about that
I've set up as custom columns so in this
case it's going to be a sales qualified
lead and then it's going to be the cost
per
SQL and now I can see really easily week
over week how are we performing in terms
of the metrics that I care about so this
makes it really easy to spot Trends so
for example we can see here the the week
of July 22nd we had a th000 impressions
and then from that week to the the week
of July 29th we jumped up to 177,000 our
clicks went from 100 to 331 we got an
SQL so this tells me you know we
probably launched some campaigns in
between week July of July 22nd to the
29th so this makes it really easy I can
see our Impressions up down clicks so on
and so forth how are we trending and you
can also save this so that way you can
come back and see this report again in
the future and if you wanted to take it
a step further you could even schedule
this report so that way it gets
scheduled to you and it gets sent to
your email address and then you can also
uh have it sent to other people that
matter so whether you're working with
clients it could be some of your clients
other stakeholders if you're working
internally but the point is this is like
a very easy free cost way to just
measure and monitor how are you doing
week over week in your account and be
able to spot Trends so for example
looking at cost per SQL I can see on
average the volume is about one to two a
week this most recent week at two with a
cost press scale of 2,800 so that means
we're trending in the right direction
because from the week prior it was a
pretty poor week so it's good to see
that you know volume and cost has
restored itself so hope this is helpful
definitely give it a shot it's a really
easy lowcost tool that you can use in
your interface